Updated to User Guide formatting (#378)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales-channels/asc/end-listings-manually.md

---

## Manually end a single or multiple Amazon listings

1. View the listing(s) on the _Active_ tab in [Managing Listings]({% link sales-channels/asc/managing-product-listings.md %}).

1. In the left-side column, click to check each of the listings you wish to end.

1. In the Actions drop-down, click **End listing(s) on Amazon**.

1. Click **OK** on the confirmation message.

## Manually end a single Amazon listing

1. View the listing on the _Active_ tab in [Managing Listings]({% link sales-channels/asc/managing-product-listings.md %}).

1. Under _Action_, click **Select** > **End Listing**.

1. Click **OK** on the confirmation message.

> When ending a single listing or multiple listings, a message appears confirming that the selected listing is being processed to end. Ended listings can be managed on the [Ended]({% link sales-channels/asc/ended-listings.md %}) tab in Manage Listings. Once processed and removed from Amazon, the status for the listing will display as "Manually Ended." Ended listings will remain removed from Amazon until you manually republish the listing using the Republish to Amazon action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ending a single listing or multiple listings, a message confirms that the selected listing is being processed to end. Ended listings can be managed on the [Ended]({% link sales-channels/asc/ended-listings.md %}) tab in Manage Listings. When processed and removed from Amazon, the status for the listing will appear as "Manually Ended." Ended listings will remain removed from Amazon until you manually republish the listing using the Republish to Amazon action.
```
